How willing you, personally, would be to live in that envisioned scenario?
I am totally willing! This future needs to happen now! I feel as if things in this industry aren't moving fast enough. There are so many advantages to using driverless cars, and the roadways can be much more efficient ways of travel. Also, the amount of cars that sit around every day surprised me. I didn't think that so many cars sit around for so long. We need to allow self driving cars on the read now so that people are more safe and efficient people. I wish for the day that I go somewhere with no driver.

How willing you feel society as a whole would be to experience that envisioned scenario?
I don't think most of society is willing to embrace driverless cars, especially older people who have driven to go places for most of their lives. Driverless cars are a foreign concept to most, and having a driverless vehicle drive people places, in a system where drivers have been driving for decades, will seem out of place to most. However, as with most things, with time, the cars will grow on people. They will either have FOMO (fear of missing out) or just be tired of driving when there's another option. And then they will succumb. 

Even if self-driving cars turn out to be possible and feasible, how do you imagine they would influence our habits: minimally or completely—or something in between?

I feel as if self driving cars will make travel less work, and they will affect the concept of car ownership. If there are vehicles driving all around, people will not likely need a personal car. There will probably be a subscription service, a capitalistic trend these days, to be able to access a car. This would seem to be less expensive, as well as more efficient since more people can use the same car.  Also, for example, since driverless cars can't speed or drive erratically, people would be forced to make schedules to reserve or request rides on time, rather than running to their own car and driving haphazardly to get places on time. So, I wouldn't say that driverless cars would change our human habits, but they probably will change every thing we know about personal transportation. 